Updated L1<>L2 section (#31)
ethereum-optimism/community-hub: src/docs/developers/integration.md

📎 OVM's `messaging` contracts:
* 📜 [`Abs_BaseCrossDomainMessenger.sol`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/contracts/blob/master/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/messaging/Abs_BaseCrossDomainMessenger.sol)
* 📜 [`OVM_L1CrossDomainMessenger.sol`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/contracts/blob/master/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/messaging/OVM_L1CrossDomainMessenger.sol)
* 📜 [`OVM_L1MultiMessageRelayer.sol`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/contracts/blob/master/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/messaging/OVM_L1MultiMessageRelayer.sol)
* 📜 [`OVM_L2CrossDomainMessenger`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/contracts/blob/master/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/messaging/OVM_L2CrossDomainMessenger.sol)
:::

The following is an abridged version of the section titled "L1 to L2 interoperability" in [_How does Optimism's Rollup really work?_](https://research.paradigm.xyz/optimism) by [Georgios Konstantopoulos](https://twitter.com/gakonst) from Paradigm Research.

---------

> Optimism allows asynchronous calls between L1 and L2 users or contracts. Practically, this means that a contract on L1 can make a call to a contract on L2, and vice versa. This contract communication is implemented by deploying "bridge" contracts on both Ethereum and Optimism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optimistic Ethereum allows asynchronous calls between L1 and L2 users or contracts. Practically, this means that a contract on L1 can make a call to a contract on L2, and vice versa. This contract communication is implemented by deploying "messenger" contracts on both Ethereum and Optimistic Ethereum.
```

 */
function relayMessage(
    address _target,
    address _sender,
    bytes memory _message,
    uint256 _messageNonce,
    L2MessageInclusionProof memory _proof
)
```

3. (L2 Receiver) [`relayMessage`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/contracts/blob/master/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/messaging/OVM_L2CrossDomainMessenger.sol#L46-L55) of `OVM_L2CrossDomainMessenger.sol`:
```solidity
/**
 * Relays a cross domain message to a contract.
 */
function relayMessage(
    address _target,
    address _sender,
    bytes memory _message,
    uint256 _messageNonce
)
```

Conveniently, all transactions from L1 to L2 get automatically relayed _by the sequencer_. This happens because the L1 ➡️ L2 bridge calls [`enqueue`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/contracts/blob/21c38bb51a2d47029b40bdac709eec342d16a761/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/messaging/OVM_L1CrossDomainMessenger.sol#L287-L291), queuing up a transaction for execution by the sequencer.

From these calls to `enqueue`, we can, in a way, think of the the sequencer is an "always on" relay for L1 to L2 transactions, while L2 to L1 transactions need to be explicitly relayed by users.

> Using the default bridge contracts by Optimism requires all L2 to L1 transactions are at least [1 week old](https://community.optimism.io/faqs/#why-is-there-a-delay-when-moving-assets-from-optimistic-ethereum-to-ethereum). This is so that the transactions are safe from fraud proofs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the default bridge contracts by Optimism requires all L2 to L1 transactions are at least [1 week old](https://community.optimism.io/faqs/#why-is-there-a-delay-when-moving-assets-from-optimistic-ethereum-to-ethereum). This is to allow enough time for verifiers to submit fraud proofs and prevent invalid withdrawals.
```

It could be the case that developers deploy their own bridge contracts with semi-trusted mechanisms that allow L2 to L1 transactions with a smaller time restriction. The simplest example of this mechanism would be [depositing an ERC20 on an L1 bridge contract](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism-tutorial/blob/dev-xdomain/contracts/L1_ERC20Adapter.sol) and [minting the equivalent token amount on L2](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism-tutorial/blob/dev-xdomain/contracts/L2_ERC20.sol).

![Passing Messages Between Layer 1 and Layer 2](../..//assets/passing-messages-between-l1-and-l2.png)

> As a developer integrating with Optimism's messengers, it's very easy. Just call `<LAYER>CrossDomainMessenger.sendMessage` with the function and target address you want to call on L2. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a developer integrating with Optimism's messengers is very easy. Just call `<LAYER>CrossDomainMessenger.sendMessage` with the calldata, gasLimit and target address you want to call on the destination layer. 
```
